chore(docs): explain the envoy panic threshold for MeshCircuitBreaker (#2293)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/meshcircuitbreaker.md

  when policy is configured for outlier detection.
{% if_version gte:2.10.x %}
- **`healthyPanicThreshold`** - (optional) Allows to configure panic threshold for Envoy cluster. If not specified,
  the default is 50%. To disable panic mode, set to 0%. The panic threshold is a percentage that determines when Envoy enters panic mode

>   due to too few healthy hosts in an upstream cluster’s priority level. If the percentage of healthy hosts falls below the threshold (e.g., 50%),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  due to too few healthy hosts in an upstream cluster’s priority level. If the percentage of healthy hosts falls below the threshold (for example 50%),
```
